How did he know I wasn't buying a mountain?
Top cloud spring
What about the villa?
The entire Yuncheng
The most expensive Genting Villa belongs to my family
You sell songs by setting up a stall
It's your own home to blow to Genting Villa alone
So ashamed
Mr. Yu, how dare you
Admit that you didn't buy Genting Villa on the top of the mountain?
Yes I admit
I bought the villa below Genting Villa
I really want to buy the top one too
But the person in charge told me
Not for sale without the permission of the eldest lady
I'm going to have to settle for the next best thing.
He guessed it all
It seems that Mr. Yu
What you bought is really not the Genting Villa on the top of the mountain.
What is this woman's background?
Even know this
Mr. Yu is quite honest
I didn't buy Genting Villa with a fountain.
But you can't lie, Miss Dawn
Say the whole Genting Villa is your own
Mr. Yu is right
Compared to the top of the mountain and the side of the mountain
The price difference is more than ten times.
Who has so much money to buy a villa?
This was mine
But who is serious soon?
The rain is blowing so hard
How do you want me to end?
Don't worry.
The real estate certificate for Genting Villa on the top of the mountain is coming
Gu Jinxi, you are a singer
Third Master Shen was sent in the name of Chenxi
Not only discontent
Shameless to say
Genting Villa is your own home
Want me to say
You can't afford one in your life
I, Mrs. Shen Yanzhen
There's nothing you can't afford.
Jin Xian and
Give in to the boss
Give you some gifts that are not salty or light.
Why don't I give you a real gift?
I will give you 50% of the shares of the Shen family
Shen Yanzhen, you are presumptuous